chore: Add docs for basic types (#291)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/builtin_types.md

---
title: Built-in Types
---

> Grain provides some basic types to be used throughout your programs.

Author: This still says basic
```suggestion
Grain provides some built-in types to be used throughout your programs.
```
